README.md, before:

live-fat-stick
==============
	Create multi boot USB stick/hard disk with whole iso/s on vfat/fat32 partition
	keeping existing data untouched.

	Note: File size greater than 4G is not usable on vfat/fat32 partition so the
	live CD/DVD iso file should not exceed this limit. 

	Copy live-fat-stick to /usr/bin/ and chmod +x /usr/bin/live-fat-stick

	Run this command as root (su -, not sudo)
		live-fat-stick isopath stickpartition
	e.g.: 
		live-fat-stick /home/geeko/openSUSE-Edu-li-f-e-12.2-1-i686.iso /dev/sdXY

	To add various distribution iso to the stick, run the following:
		For openSUSE	: live-fat-stick --suse /path/to/openSUSE-filename.iso /dev/sdXY
		For Ubuntu	: live-fat-stick --ubuntu /path/to/ubuntu-filename.iso /dev/sdXY
		For Mint	: live-fat-stick --mint /path/to/mint-filename.iso /dev/sdXY
		For Fedora	: live-fat-stick --fedora /path/to/fedora-filename.iso /dev/sdXY

	isopath should be full absolute path of iso image and the device should be 
	actual partition on the stick like /dev/sdb1, /dev/sdc1,/dev/sdc2...

	The stick partition has to be vfat/fat32 format.

	Run live-fat-stick -l(or --list) to list the possible usb storage devices available.

	openSUSE users can install it via 1-click from here:
	http://software.opensuse.org/package/live-fat-stick

live-usb-gui
==============
	Simple zenity based GUI that runs live-fat-stick script

	Copy live-usb-gui to /usr/bin/ and chmod +x /usr/bin/live-usb-gui
	Copy live-usb-gui.desktop to /usr/share/applications/ and update-desktop-database -q
	this should make Live USB GUI show up in desktop menu. 

	Run this command without any options as root from terminal (su -, not sudo) or
	Alt+F2 and xdg-su -c "xterm -e live-usb-gui"

	openSUSE users can install it via 1-click from here:
	http://software.opensuse.org/package/live-usb-gui



It is possible to boot multiple distributions and iso images from same device, 
should work with all recent openSUSE or Ubuntu live iso images. Fedora iso is
not copied but is extracted as it does not support booting from iso.

You are welcome to fork and submit patches for your distro if it is not supported by 
this script :)

Have a lot of fun...

Commit message:

Information about installing 32bit iso first. Fixes issue #8

README.md, after:

live-fat-stick
==============
	Create multi boot USB stick/hard disk with whole iso/s on vfat/fat32 partition
	keeping existing data untouched.

	Note: File size greater than 4G is not usable on vfat/fat32 partition so the
	live CD/DVD iso file should not exceed this limit.

	Note2: Install 32bit/x86 iso on the stick first if creating multiboot with both
	x86 and x86_64 arch images.  

	Copy live-fat-stick to /usr/bin/ and chmod +x /usr/bin/live-fat-stick

	Run this command as root (su -, not sudo)
		live-fat-stick isopath stickpartition
	e.g.: 
		live-fat-stick /home/geeko/openSUSE-Edu-li-f-e-12.2-1-i686.iso /dev/sdXY

	To add various distribution iso to the stick, run the following:
		For openSUSE	: live-fat-stick --suse /path/to/openSUSE-filename.iso /dev/sdXY
		For Ubuntu	: live-fat-stick --ubuntu /path/to/ubuntu-filename.iso /dev/sdXY
		For Mint	: live-fat-stick --mint /path/to/mint-filename.iso /dev/sdXY
		For Fedora	: live-fat-stick --fedora /path/to/fedora-filename.iso /dev/sdXY

	isopath should be full absolute path of iso image and the device should be 
	actual partition on the stick like /dev/sdb1, /dev/sdc1,/dev/sdc2...

	The stick partition has to be vfat/fat32 format.

	Run live-fat-stick -l(or --list) to list the possible usb storage devices available.

	openSUSE users can install it via 1-click from here:
	http://software.opensuse.org/package/live-fat-stick

live-usb-gui
==============
	Simple zenity based GUI that runs live-fat-stick script

	Copy live-usb-gui to /usr/bin/ and chmod +x /usr/bin/live-usb-gui
	Copy live-usb-gui.desktop to /usr/share/applications/ and update-desktop-database -q
	this should make Live USB GUI show up in desktop menu. 

	Run this command without any options as root from terminal (su -, not sudo) or
	Alt+F2 and xdg-su -c "xterm -e live-usb-gui"

	openSUSE users can install it via 1-click from here:
	http://software.opensuse.org/package/live-usb-gui



It is possible to boot multiple distributions and iso images from same device, 
should work with all recent openSUSE or Ubuntu live iso images. Fedora iso is
not copied but is extracted as it does not support booting from iso.

You are welcome to fork and submit patches for your distro if it is not supported by 
this script :)

Have a lot of fun...
